who would you choose me I'm unexpected
being unexpected is the only advantage
that matters but you chose Tom why do
you say that he's your last interview
you remind me of myself at your age
smart enough for it to be a disadvantage
you haven't failed at anything yet not
really that that kind of arrogance is
dangerous they'd smell it on you you
know I've been researching this field
exclusively for nine months you had a
goldfish as again hmm sure so you
remember taking it home you had to float
the bag in the aquarium gradually
letting the water in little by little so
the fish can adjust okay don't follow
your ego out of the bag early that's how
you end up dead
you put your first choice in the middle
because to put it last is expected